hey guys so today we are here to talk
about my experience of my bellybutton
ring this is one of the many piercings
that I do have I have 9 in total and
this has to be by far my favorite one
ever it's like my best friend's so if
you are interested in my experience then
just keep on watching I got my
bellybutton piercing when I was 16 I did
need my parents permission
at first they were not really going for
it my dad really didn't want me to get
it but I talked them into it because it
is in a place where you could cover up
and nobody would be able to see it
unless you chose to show it for example
like if you were to get a tattoo on your
chest or your hand or something people
are gonna see that every day
it's like harder to cover up so my dad
was kind of okay because I could cover
my bellybutton I mean besides the
summertime when I'm wearing like a
bathing suit when else are you gonna see
it unless I show you so that was the
first step that I had to go through so
getting my parents permission I do know
that you have to be 18 to get it done at
a shop or if you have a parent or
guardian with you and they give you
permission they can take you and you
could go ahead and go do it so at the
shop that I went to it was $45 for the
piercing and the jewelry now now come to
think about it and going other places
that's really really expensive I've seen
people do it at the shops for 25 bucks
and it's just a piercing I mean how much
why would you really need to charge $45
but whatever I was young my parents paid
for it so I wasn't really mad about it I
got it so yeah so what they have you do
is they just
lay down on a chair might happen to be
like a tattooing chair so I laid on my
back I was kind of slanted at an angle
so I was like leaning back kind of like
that and all he did is he sterilized the
area and he used clamps to pull out the
skin so he knows where to pierce it at
and they use clamps to hold that open
and everything so he pierced it with a
thick needle and the needle is hollow
that way they can just slip the piercing
jewelry right into the hole that they
just created instead of like anything
about I needed at home you if you did it
at home you would do it with a regular
needle or maybe the jewelry but then you
would have to take out the needle and
then shove the jewelry in there and that
could be very painful at least that's
what I imagine it to be but and the shop
is like a one-step process they pierce
it put in the jewelry at the same time
and then you're done and of course they
just have to screw on the ball at the
top if you are familiar with what the
jewelry's look like well the guy who was
piercing mine accidentally dropped the
ball that he was supposed to screw on so
he after he picked it up he had to put
pressure on my stomach to screw it on
and that caused blood to come out and it
didn't hurt or anything but I guess I
kind of got wheezy from seeing the blood
or something I don't know I usually
don't get like that but I didn't feel
sick where I wanted to throw up or
anything but I don't know it's just
really weird so he cleaned up my belly
about ten my parents paid me left I
ended up falling asleep in the car
because I felt really hot I felt like I
was gonna faint I couldn't breathe but I
couldn't even tell you why I guess I saw
blood I don't know I usually don't get
like that like I said but that was my
experience at the shop I did not change
out my bellybutton ring for a few months
the first time that I changed it I got
my jewelry at a little vendor like you
know at the mall they have booths and
they have like phone phone cases or like
mornings for jewelry well I got a belly
button ring from there I waited about
three to four months before changing
original one and the first time that I
ever changed it it got infected and let
me tell you that was so so painful so I
ended up just keep cleaning it and
cleaning it with the spray that I used
to make it heal so it took about a month
for mine to heal I have really sensitive
skin have to buy a spray it's sea salt
spray at least that's what I use I know
other people use other things but I
really liked it cuz you don't have to
touch your belly button you just sprayed
on there I did it about three times a
day my belly button was really sore for
the first week I don't really want to
move up move around a lot because it's
like an open wound you have to wait for
it to heal but on a scale from one to
ten I say like maybe it hurt a two or
three I barely felt it and it was really
really fast
no guns I think he did not use a
piercing gun he pierced out with his
hand so yeah I don't really recommend
doing it at home yourself the chances
are it's gonna get infected and that's
really bad and painful I had had one
infection but it wasn't from piercing it
myself so after the first time that my
bellybutton ring got infected I never
bought any jewelry from those vendors
ever again I usually got them like at
Walmart or I know Hot Topic has a lot of
variety of them so I've been getting
mine from there and I have no problem
now I am actually gonna try to buy a
wholesale package it comes like with a
hundred from eBay I'm gonna try those
out but a tip that I have is if you do
get like allergic reactions to some
types of metal try taking clear nail
polish and go ahead and just coat that
cuz that's what I used to do with my
bellybutton rings if they did make me
itchy or my earrings and
says anything just slap on a clear coat
and that should fix the problem so I
think that I pretty much covered
everything about this piercing if I did
leave anything out please ask down below
and I will answer and pretty much yeah
it did not hurt that bad I know that
everybody has different pain tolerances
mine is very high I can handle pain I
could handle tattoos and piercings and
everything so hopefully this was helpful
for any of you who did want to get your
belly button pierced again if you have
any questions go ahead and ask and I'll
see you guys in my next video bye